Although there already exist several review-related datasets, few works have carefully and
thoroughly inspected model’s capability as a reviewer, especially the correctness of generated reviews. In this
paper, we first evaluate GPT-3.5 and GPT-4 (the current top-performing LLM) on 2 types of tasks under different
settings: the score prediction task and the review generation task. In addition, we propose a dataset containing
196 review-revision multiple-choice questions (RR-MCQ) with detailed labels from the review-rebuttal forum in
ICLR-2023. , 2023), but there is still no detailed
assessment of model’s reviewing ability. On pre-
vious datasets like review generation ones, de-
tailed analyses are only possible when manually
examining the generated text, resulting in huge
time costs and subjective conclusions. In contrast, our
RR-MCQ dataset with well-defined categorization
labels enables comprehensive and satisfactory as-
sessments. Classification task Besides directly generating
texts, more specific tasks with clear-cut answers
are actually more investigated. In this paper, we first evaluate models on both
types of existing tasks: the generation task and
the classification task. Specifically, we choose to
run GPT-3.5 and GPT-4 on the review generation
task and aspect score prediction task; the result of
GPT-4 on edit generation is already presented in
ARIES ( D’Arcy et al. They first create 13 short papers and
then design test examples based on these brand-
new papers to avoid the data leakage problem. Very recently, Liang et al. 3. See Figure 1 for a concrete example. Substance 3. Originality 7. As such, while I find 
the graphics inspired ques-
tions the paper is investigating 
interesting, I don't think it is 
clear that this work introduces 
useful machinery for modeling 
more general videos. Title: Perception Updating 
Networks: On Architectural 
Constraints For Interpretable 
Video Generative Models
Abstract: We investigate a 
neural network architecture and 
statistical framework that... LLM predicts well the final [recommendation]
score, but not scores of [comparison], [im-
pact], and [substance] that are knowledge-
and logic-demanding. GPT-3.5 gains espe-
cially high correlations in predicting [Recommen-
dation] scores under both settings (Pearson corre-
lation 0.826 & 0.283, see detailed results for each
aspect in T able2 column 1). However, it struggles
in judging [Comparison] (column 4) whether the pa-
per presents enough meaningful comparisons with
related work, [Substance] (column 2) whether it
contains lots of ideas and results, and [Impact] (col-
umn 8) whether it is influential and helpful to this
field. Besides, we focus more on
the evaluation method for model-generated review
texts. (1) Aspect coverage, thanks to the aspect
annotations in ASAP dataset. , 2020), and using GPT-4 to score the
similarity as in the evaluation of abstractive sum-
maries (Shen et al., 2023) and of translation quality
(Kocmi and Federmann , 2023). Here are some implementation details. The aspect recall value in T able 5 (column 1 as-
pect) also indicates that both GPT-3.5 and GPT-4
have very different comment preferences from hu-
mans. Task 3: Review-Revision
Multiple-Choice Questions
The experiments of aspect score prediction and
review generation above do give us an idea of
model’s reviewing ability. , 2023). An example of the RR-
MCQ is presented in Figure 4. The micro accuracy is calculated by consid-
ering each question option as an individual exam-
ple so that the MCQ task becomes a binary de-
cision task of determining True/False for each op-
tion. The macro accuracy is more strict: only when
all answers are correct, the question is marked as
correct (note that the number of correct options is
undetermined, between one and four).